[Music]
you love them and I love it
put your hands together my name hey you
know Artie I was thinking about putting
out a comedy restin comedy you've been a
singer a shake dancer it's real hard to
break him now do whatever it takes you
need I come up with a new character
dolomite is my name and up
it's my game it's all
pretend I just created a character
future pull own it
oh it takes do it I got to be totally
outrageous it's filthy
you've got a product here that you can't
sell or promote all my life give them
and tell them you know Rudy sometimes
our dreams just don't come true i man
slam a door in my face I just found
another door I want the world of know I
exist
this aint funny and it ain't no brothers
in it even if I get up in that light
with my own movie it's everywhere all at
once
let's bring dolomite to the screen the
actors we hire you're a big doughy other
than them doughy I'm offering you a role
in my new motion picture you think you
can just walk up here and hire me no
what if we let you direct in
storytelling it's always best to write
what you know you've never talked about
my personal life I deal with tonight
night club owners and mobsters lots of
pimps and kungfu do you know karate no
but I'm a fast learner I can learn how
to chop me a month
[Music]
give it to me later tonight he could be
a sex machine what planet justice get on
this thing flops you're gonna be working
for free for the rest of your life I'm
so grateful for what you did for me cuz
I never seen nobody that looks like me
now update on that big screen
god damn dolomite
good was he good a shape is chopped the
tips for hours my total earnings are an
expired Applebee's coupon the sweater
that smells like racism it's exactly
yourself Oh deliver a full meal basin
it's outside our zone I'll do it
[Music]
are you ready to make an investment in
your future are you ready to take back
what you are owed yes
are you ready to fully commit yourself
to satan yeah
who are you I'm the pizza guy oh girl
are he by any chance a virgin that's a
very personal question she's a virgin
whose power unlocks our true potential
who have any idea what's happening here
tonight they are summoning the Baphomet
big demon from hell and when that clock
strikes 12:00 he's gonna rip you open
where's my virgin I don't know what's
happening my mom and her butt buddies
are booty calling back from that and
they're not going to stop until you're
strapped to a barbed wire altar that's
bonkers any idea why the rich stay rich
and you stay screwed better health care
they are stronger than us a virgin no
sacrifice death to the weak wealth to
the strong stop drinking you really want
to face this over
[Music]
I'm working on a novel it is a story of
my life and my sister's make it short
and spicy and if the main character is a
girl
make sure she's married by the end Wow
I want to be an artist in Rome and be
the best painter in the Louvre Arras
what you want to isn't a Joe to be a
famous writer yes but it sounds so crass
when she says my girls have a way of
getting into mischief so do i this is
Meg Amy Beth and Joe I intend to make my
own way in the world no one makes their
own way least of all a woman you'll need
to marry well you are not married aren't
well that's because I'm rich Joe would
you like to dance with me I can't
because I scorched my dress and Meg told
me to keep still so no one would see it
I'm ready of our humanity
Joe is a lost cause
that's who are your families hope now
I believe we have some power over who we
love it isn't something that just
happens to a person
and I think the poets might disagree we
can leave right now
I'll sell stories join you here should
be an actress and you should have a life
on the stage just because my dreams are
different than yours doesn't mean
they're unimportant new play written by
Miss Joe moss
women they have minds and they have
souls as well as just hearts I want to
be great or nothing and they've got
ambition and they've got talent as well
as just beauty I'm so sick of people
saying that love is just all of them in
a stick for I'm so sick of it
[Music]
[Applause]
there are some nature's to laughing
about
[Music]
so who does she marry
fear that mom in the garden here Nancy
I'm letting you know I'm going away for
a few days so at least your name of
something
the smart ones we seek someone on twitch
speeding stop that moon many people have
a view like that yeah it's kind inspired
[Music]
you only that once
hey by the way prepare yourself I'm not
able to do it
[Music]
I've wasted so much time doing nothing
and indeed you about me
[Music]
just about the diffusion of white folks
how I think there was a robbery or a
movie review
[Music]
[Applause]
I mean education teach me to edit had to
see it for myself
they call me Viking man whose sole dad I
mean I'm here auditioning for a partner
long bye
but I don't think I've had it I made all
the movies I put you in every single one
[Music]
[Applause]
I got an idea about this great white
shark to terrorizes the town like a New
England robot you two can't make movies
together anymore
no sharing ideas did you find what
you're looking for no there's a secret
movie that's been hidden in all the
movies ever made
who made it who put it there
yes Elliot good enough for most people
but go ahead Christ's vicar movies are a
goddamn birthright they took them to
prisoner fashion would you there's a gun
in him
[Music]
this is a very weird movie
it feels like it's like a place in the
Sun
[Music]
okay huddle not a while in terrassa -
little dog walk
[Music]
- tracking down the ratio of sure do
Division II crisis in gradua yellow
texting trongo flargeant the world it
wait I would so much distance is it okay
with you what a song you know Anthony's
regretted it if they jump into the cream
control towers on you yeah good one mrs.
M de boville myself Annandale just
Romano holiday
jeschica
we don't really know cause I'm banging
lives in more colonies action
[Music]
chuckle um gone daddy
I'm deadly serious
converse instance it without you
[Music]
look okay it's not my fault
I bet nothing's ever your fault is it
darling you have thrown away your life
working in some silly Christmas shop
[Music]
this is my little helper I have
nicknamed her lazy that I'll forego she
appears never to walk so they're really
just kidding me
[Music]
what Jesus what's your comfort well what
are you looking at oh I think you just
peed in your eye yeah I think it's good
luck you know what is compute on my bed
I'm busy you're weird good bye you've
missed five doctors appointments mum is
scared so tell me about the sleep
exercise it's not at all
alcohol oh she's like the pirate okay
fine thank you doctor thank you so much
for your time let's go man you again did
you follow me here are elves always so
cynical
yes relentlessly these are dark times
I'm Tom Kate where you murder me so what
is it that you do I sing oh it's amazing
anyway boring boring boring I'm gonna
bored
where are you going when that well
you're not homeless no I volunteered why
didn't you just get saved I do - no
4head you were great at your job when
you started right now it's like you
don't care anymore
oh yeah hi hi Kyle I'm a mess I was
really sick and I nearly died I don't
tell people cuz they get weird but I
don't think you'll get wet no I'm just
scared all the time but they just expect
me to be normal okay all his life
there's no such thing as normal
it's just being a human being is hard
maybe you should do something nice for
someone deck the halls with boughs of
holly fa-la-la-la-la la-la-la-la tis the
season to be jolly oh boy
[Music]
[Applause]
- volunteering the shelter seriously
this sounds like a healthy choice what's
wrong with you I've been trying to find
you
you keep disappearing no man I do bump
into you accidentally I might add it
wasn't accidental
why me it's always gonna be here you
like gonna make mistakes and that's okay
you're made of everything you do
[Music]
I'm your humble steward your deliverer
of hard truths give me your tired your
poor your huddled masses maybe your
overtaxed your underlaid your put-down
you're fed up bring me your rage for
three hours a day I give people a sense
of power and accrual it in different
world I'm not saying we should oh the
wall I think moat would be more
effective not much for listening though
how do you sleep at night
on a mattress stuffed with cash in the
broken dreams of Hillary Clinton make no
mistake my friends we're in the midst of
a full-scale invasion here I'm here for
a while look I'll owe you
I'm Lori's daughter and your niece niece
she's a while you're a guest in my house
you'll carry yourself with dignity and
restraint hagh welcome to the machine
whenever an environmentalist gets in a
hissy fit I get a warm fuzzy feeling
whatever having a straight talk people
don't want straight talk that want me
sound bites nobody wears a t-shirt
saying I
nuance do you have a minute to talk
about Garth woodland is killing you in
the ratings there's room for both of us
under the tent no there's not you need
to show them you still got some fight in
you
you're too bored too lazy too petty to
mean you live out your days wallowing in
a disposable selfie culture addicted to
opioids and bad news you elect a
deranged con man just to see what
happened worship at the Apple Store by
the latest shiny new window and then
someone else's curated life who cares
about real feelings when you got emojis
you lie you're cheating you're still
just better at it than you are so who
worship us
you got your heads buried in your phones
holding fast to the myth of your own
greatness will power down people take a
look around the American Dream is dead
and buried
[Music]
as we discussed 500 for the hardware and
the five-man crew the other one mill
will be delivered upon receipt of the
case so who are they
Griffin is the best hacker I've ever
seen Marshall and Baxter were the
toughest guys on the circuit Frank's the
best lock man outside of New York he's
never taken a pinch like his brother
they'll be hitting the bank right about
now
ladies and gentlemen on the ground 30
seconds
we're home free brother did the cops get
here so fast no sense in worrying about
that now whoever gets the package gets
paid Joey
every minute I woke up next to a
dumpster where we parked a secondary
getaway vehicle but those 10 minutes God
gets him closer where's the package
probably whoever hit us has it to the
truth what the hell happened back there
we got a rat in the crew what happened
they're in the vault huh
you tell me exactly what you saw I held
up my end Michael Chiklis someone's
playing
Bruce Willis none of this connects back
to me I'm on it
who else was after this thing every
law-enforcement agency in the country
you really didn't know what your esteem
must be pretty big for all this heat
so much for honor among thieves fine ten
minutes gone
remember the day when we first met
I remember that motorcycle my best dress
he looked at me and I knew
[Music]
how simple life was ten
what's happened to our country we're
killing innocent people raiding other
countries preying on the weak if our
leaders if they're evil what does one do
you have a duty to the father level to
charity tell yourself you cannot say no
to your race and your home you are a
traitor
[Music]
I can't is too a loyalty to his that
they can't do you think your defines
that will change the course of things
yeah
if God gives us free well we're
responsible for what we do what we fail
to do
[Music]
I can't do what I believe is wrong
we have to stand up to you
whatever you do
[Music]
I'm with you always
my mission is to discover the language
of nature and I believe nature is
intelligent there is a world under the
earth full of magic and mystery
it holds the consciousness of nature's
connection to all living things you know
these mushrooms they can heal you they
can feed you they can kill you it's not
like a vegetable and it's not like a
animal but it's somewhere in between
they support life they convert life if
you're walking there's about 300 miles
of fungi under every footstep that you
take and that's all over the world the
bulk of the organism is growing
underground and it's composed of these
long threads called a mycelium almost
everyone knows about the computer
internet the mycelium shares the same
network design
[Music]
it's amazing what we don't know about
mushrooms they really are a frontier of
knowledge you can filter water you can
create medicinal compounds almost
on-demand
they have incredible capacity to make
things change very quickly so I am super
hopeful the psychedelic members of the
Mushroom Kingdom are fascinating I have
been a guide for around 350 psilocybin
sessions the most glorious part was that
it made me feel more comfortable with
living because you're not afraid of
dying we need to have a paradigm shift
in our consciousness what will it take
to achieve that we can heal the planet
we can build the future in our world is
fantastic
[Music]
being a part of something like this
there's a tremendous thing Browdy
[Music]
morning sergeant gentlemen whoever's
making these has an answer for the
deaths of 24 American soldiers in the
past 12 months and every day we don't
find them is another day an American
soldier could come home in pieces and
wants to make a difference Haeju
things are really taking off for me
sunny lucky could bloody caveman go
gentlemen
what's the play relationship-building
start new series who's ready to have
some fun
I just keep thinking about that kid that
we killed today anything's wrong
yeah I do you kill one of theirs you
save ten of ours you're telling me
that's not right
he didn't deserve to die her cooperation
Andrew tell me what's going on you know
that anything that happens to have your
stays in the family
go get the targets do you think we're
gonna shoot you're something you're
trying to do what you think is right the
problem is you don't even know what
right needs leave me alone you are alone
do I do the right thing and put myself
in danger or do I just shut up and deal
with it
and give me your loyalty and I guarantee
that each and every one of you will have
a chance to be a warrior which actually
be a part of history ready on three
three two one
[Applause]
[Music]